KVS SIVA KUMAR
DevOps Engineer

Hyderabad
9490647560

Seeking challenging work opportunities that allow me to continue learning and developing as a computer scientist alongside a team of some of the best professionals in the field. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: Door No-32-80/69/1/P, 3rd Street, Neredmet, RK Puram, Hyderabad, 500056
  Date of birth:  
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: Reading Novels
Basketball, Chess, Badminton
Watching Netflix Series


SOCIAL PROFILES
  * Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/siva-kumar-0aa38110b/
  * Github: https://github.com/AmbitiousSam/
  * Twitter: https://twitter.com/sivakumar36688
  * Bugcrowd: https://bugcrowd.com/sammy0304

LANGUAGES
  ★★★☆☆ English
  ★★★★★ Hindi
  ★★★★★ Telugu

SKILLS
  ★★★★☆ Git
  ★★★★★ DevOps
  ★★★★☆ AWS
  ★★★★☆ Docker
  ★★★★☆ Linux
  ★★★★☆ Bash Scripting
  ★★★☆☆ Node.js
  ★★★☆☆ MySQL
  ★★★☆☆ Selenium
  ★★★☆☆ Java
  ★★★☆☆ Python
  ★★☆☆☆ Microsoft Azure
  ★★☆☆☆ Google Cloud

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * July 2022 – Present
    Associate Software Engineer at coMakeIT Software Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad
      
  Implemented and updated application modules under the direction of Senior Software Developers.
  Developed automated scripts to simplify common tasks and reduce manual effort
  Developed a DevOps strategy that increased the speed and reliability of application deployment
  Developed a Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) pipeline that improved system reliability and uptime


  * September 2021 – June 2022
    Engineer Intern at coMakeIT Software Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad
      
  Developed a small airline project based on J2EE, JS, CSS.
  Served as a dedicated and supportive Intern in a fast-paced environment.
  Used Version Control Systems such as GitHub and Gitlab for source code management for the team.


  * June 2021 – August 2021
    Security Intern Research at Information Sharing and Analysis Center, Hyderabad
      
  Performed penetration tests on the various financial sector in India.
  Exhibited strong managerial traits and the ability to serve as an effective leader.
  Ensured network security by developing network access and performing evaluations.


  * May 2021 – July 2021
    Web Developer Intern at BlackBucks COE, Hyderabad
      
  Worked well independently and on a team to solve problems.
  Organized and prioritized work to complete assignments in a timely, efficient manner.
  Utilized a creative mindset and an innovative spirit.
  Designed and developed a custom CMS for a web application that allowed for easy content management and updates for students.


  * January 2021 – March 2021
    CyberSecurity Intern at Virtually Testing Foundation, Hyderabad
      
  Worked with Kubernetes.
  Played around with Software-Defined Data Center(ESXi, vCenter, DRS, Virtual Machines).
  Learned Software-Defined Networking and Security(NSX, IDPS, URL analysis, Distributed Firewall).


  * November 2020 – December 2020
    CyberSecurity Research Intern at TechHack Technology, Hyderabad
      
  Prepared vulnerability study results for presentation along with my colleagues.
  Performed vulnerability experiments and research over two weeks to test for SQL Injection (with WAF bypasses), OAuth, and JWT, and documented all findings.
  Wrote demo Blogs explaining different Tools and vulnerabilities.


  * October 2020 – November 2020
    Winter Batch Intern at Hack-X Security, Hyderabad
      
  Underwent training for Network and Web Application Security. 
  Wrote research on Wireless Security.
  Built a Vulnerability Detecting tool using python and also bash scripting.



EDUCATION
  * July 2018 – July 2022
    CMR Institute of Technology, Hyderbad Bachelors in Technology ( 8.27 GPA )
  * April 2016 – June 2018
    Narayan Jr. College, Hyderabad Higher Secondary ( 89.1 % )
  * April 2015 – April 2016
    Army Public School, Hyderabad Secondary ( 9.4 GPA )

EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
  * 
    First at Inter-Department Basketball competition at , 
  * 
    Appreciation from NCIIPC India at , 
  * 
    Bounty Reward from Cesppa at , 
  * 
    Appreciation from NCSC at , 

SCORES
  * GRE - 317, , 

    Q - 167, V - 150, AWA - 3.0
  * IELTS - 7.5, , 

    L - 8.5, R - 8.0, S - 6.5, W - 7
PERSONAL PROJECTS
  * Rest Api Docker, , December 2021 – January 2022

    
  This Rest API Spring Boot Application is deployed using the DevOps Principles.
  It has been integrated with Docker containers.
  Continuous Integration with Jenkins CI.
  This is was deployed to AWS Cloud (on free tier).

  * XSS-Scanner, , 

    
  It is a simple bash script that scans for the XSS vulnerability for a target.
  Firstly, it will spider the target, i.e.,  gather URLs of the target website.
  Secondly, it will test for XSS for each URL of that website.
  URL: XSS-Scanner

  * Domain Name Information, , 

    
  This is a Python3 Script which gets the do- main name information. First the script verifies if the domain is register or not. If registered then it will try to get the DNS information using the python-whois module.
  URL : Domain Name Information

